Heat. Heat.
Hey, hey, hey.
Where hey?
Hey, hey, hey, hey,
hey, hey, hey,
hey. Burn.
Burn.
Hey, hey, hey.
Word.
Hey
Burn.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
All right, y'all. We are live on this
beautiful Friday morning. God bless
everybody in Jesus name. I pray you and
your family are super blessed.
Man, I don't know about you guys, but I
feel something. I'm feeling some stuff
today, guys. First of all, we're giving
away $250,000
on this live stream. That's right. We're
giving away
Wait a second. Hang on. Technical
difficulties. Give it one second here.
Let's see. Technical difficulties. Give
me one second here.
What is going on with this?
All right. Hang on.
Oh man, we got a garage shot in the
back. Come on. Whoa.
>> Oh no. Oh no. I hate to say, but we
might not be able to stream today. Oh
no.
Oh no. Is this real? This is real, guys.
>> Is this real? This might be real. I
don't know if we'll be able to stream
today. My goodness. We've got some
technical difficulties.
>> Stand by, guys. Smash the like button.
while we try and fix these technical
difficulties here.
All right. Bear with me here, guys. Bear
with me here.
Bear with me. Bear with me. Bear with
me. Don't go. Please don't go.
Oh, please don't go.
Please don't go, guys. I need your
views. I I need your clicks. But sadly
sadly we're we're having some serious
technical
>> bomb. No, we're gonna dump. We're gonna
bump. No, we're gonna
Here we go. Today we are giving away
$250,000
courtesy of Klein Funding. That's right,
Klein Funding.
Oh crap. Oh my goodness. This sucks.
What the heck, man?
All right, we are hopefully live. We are
hopefully Oh my goodness,
man. I'll tell you why I'm so upset
right now. I'm upset because my
streaming software doesn't work
and I'm going to have to end the stream
and make a new stream, which then the
YouTube algorithm already shot out all
the notifications. It's over. It's over.
I cannot show you guys my screen here.
Let me go. Let me try one more thing
here, guys. All right, let me try one
more thing here. All right, let's try
one last thing here.
Bear with me.
Bear with me. I know we're live, guys. I
know we're live, but the thing is,
the thing is, let's see. Here we go.
Let's try this. This is our last hope
effort here, guys. I think this might
work. All right. This might work here.
Let's try it. Let's give it a shot. All
right.
Here we go. Let's give this one a shot,
guys.
All right, here we go. Here we go.
All right, let's give this one a shot
here. Let's see if we can fix it on the
fly, guys.
All right, the fly guys. The shy guys.
The fly guys.
All right, let's see if this works here.
I think it's going to work. I think it's
going to work. All right.
I think it's going to work. Let's try
this. Aha. All right. We're We're
recreating this the set right now live
on YouTube while we're we're trying to
give away $250,000.
All right. $250,000.
It works. Yes.
Yes.
Today we're giving away $250,000
courtesy of Klein Funding. That's right.
You've heard of them before.
Client funding. Courtesy of Clin
Funding. Guys, we're giving away
$250,000.
We're giving away five $50,000 accounts.
Five $50,000 accounts. We've been
talking about this since last week. I've
given you guys plenty of time to get in
on this. All right, it's not too late.
We're going to be doing the the thing
today in order to be eligible to win a
$50,000 funded account. You need to have
in the past or currently have an account
with client funding using my affiliate
link. And of course, we do have the
juiciest
15% discounts for these funded accounts.
All right, guys. Not only are we giving
away $250,000 today courtesy of client
funding, but we are also giving away
$2,000
courtesy of Blowin. Today we're giving
away $252,000.
If you want a chance to win the Blowfin
$2,000 prize, simply sign up to Blowofin
using my link. You don't have to deposit
anything
in order to win that prize. All right.
Now, speaking of Blofin, all right,
Blofin is currently doing their
their let's see, what are we doing here?
Their competition,
which uh
which the Casper crew is currently in
third, but I actually don't know how to
see that right now, so that's okay.
Anyway, if you want to win $2,000, make
sure to sign up to Blowfin during the
stream. If you want a chance to win
$50,000, sign up to client funding
during the stream. And and as the title
of the video says, we're shorting
Bitcoin down to zero. All right, we're
in a short trade now. We're up $35,000
in profit, $15,000 in unrealized,
$21,000 in realized from the short
trades that we've been taking in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord given in the
moment as we take the trades from the
10th of May and the 14th of May. All
right. All right. Now, of course, of
course, this wouldn't be a proper Jason
Casper stream if I wasn't also in a long
trade from the exact bottom. And of
course, I am in a long trade from the
exact bottom as well, guys. All right.
From the setup that was given yesterday
in the Casper Crew VIP Discord in the
moment yesterday morning,
not here,
right here. 10:13 almost 24 hours ago.
We took the long at 10:13 in the morning
yesterday in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord, which was from right here. All
right, so let's see what happens as
Bitcoin is chopping in this range. If we
lose the range, guys, well, we're
probably going to see some much lower
prices. Uh, but here's the thing. It
could this be a bottom?
Probably not. Probably not. Probably
not. Probably not. All right. Yeah,
definitely probably not. Definitely.
Probably not. All right, let's see what
Let's see what we got. What is this?
Is this real? Oh my goodness.
Oh no. Oh no.
We got some serious technical
difficulties, it seems, here.
I think we have some technical
difficulties here, guys. Man, this is
this is a this is a tough stream. It's
been a tough stream, guys. I'm not going
to lie. This has been a tough stream. I
am not going to lie. Let's see if we
can't uh
make this a turn this from a tough
stream into a non-tough stream. All
right, let's see if we can't turn this
from a toughy into a into a a softy
or whatever whatever those the kids are
saying these days. What do the young
kids say these days?
What What do you young kids say these
days anyways?
Oh man. Let's do this. Let's do this.
Okay, cool. Big shout out to everybody
in the chat. First of all, a big shout
to the people in here. First of all, we
got to give a big shout out to Gumo. He
says, "We're going to dump. We going to
pump." No, we going to dump. All right.
We got to give a major shout out to
Splashfire Films.
Wanistrada who still has an active
MySpace account. Shout out to Flipper
Frank. Shout out to Saab. Shout out to
Felix H. Big shout out to Momo Slappy
and Bay TC. Shout out to Ybrook One who
says, "You kids still on that face space
mambo jumbo."
Shout out to Kyle. He says, "Sheesh. I
received that giveaway, brother. Well,
all you got to do is sign up to clean
funding."
All right. Shout out to Kitty Cats.
Shout out to Mr. Vidge Ernatum who says,
"Hello." Hello. Hello, hello, hello.
Shout out to Momo Slappy once again and
everybody in here now. We got Hikaroo
San Diego, Jason Goat.
Shout out to probably on tilt. Needs to
be busting, my kids would say. All
right. Needs to be busting. All right.
Shout out to Bait the One. Bitcoin will
pump tomorrow for sure because there
will be a Caesar fire. A Caesar salad
fire. Shout out to the original KV Hups
who says wedge. And the original KV Hup
says tough enough. Keigs Mark Long with
TP1 at 75K. All right, let's see if it
makes it there. Shout out to Mob Depp
UBA
Ninjas says Jack Cough.
Shout out to OneHouse Productions. 100
likes. LFG. Guys, smash up the likes.
Share the video on MySpace. Share the
video on Twitter. Share the video
everywhere. All right, cuz we are giving
away $252,000
today during this live stream. All
right,
man. Oh, man. Yeah, I'm feeling that.
You guys feeling that? Cuz I am feeling
that. You guys feeling that? I'm feeling
that. All right, let's go ahead and put
a little
250K giveaway
today.
Join now.
Let's Oh crap. You know what I just
realized here, guys?
You know what I just realized? I should
probably stop putting things on the
screen. That's probably what I should
do. All right. That's probably what I
should do.
This will be the last thing I put on the
stream for now, guys. As New York has
just opened, we're going to be diving
into the charts. We're going to be
looking at Bitcoin. We're going to be
looking at a whole bunch of different
things. Okay. How do you check to see if
you use my referral link? I don't know.
You just have to have used it in the
past. Uh and for the blowoffin giveaway,
make sure uh you just create a new
account. Worst case scenario, right?
Uh yeah, I know. Exactly. As crypto guy,
we've been witnessing a lot of Caesar
salad fires lately. Look guys, nothing's
going to happen whether there's a Caesar
fire or a Caesar salad or any of these
things.
All right. How do you enter for the
giveaway, guys? All you have to do to
enter for the giveaways is one, you sign
up to client funding or have in the past
using my link. And for the blowofin
giveaway, you just sign up to blowofin
using my link. All right, for client,
you need to have an account number,
which means you need to have had a
funded account in the past or currently
from client funding.
All right, in order to win the $50,000
giveaway. We've been talking about it
for a whole week. So, we've given people
plenty of time to do that and you still
have time now. All right. For the
blowofin giveaway, you don't have to do
anything.
You don't have to do anything.
All right. You don't have to do
anything.
Let's see.
We got we got more technical
difficulties here.
Crystal made that hit, boy.
All right. Do we have audio?
This is the most frustrating thing in
the world, guys. I mean, it really is.
the world. Seriously.
Ah.
All right. Let's see if we can't fix
this. One more shot here.
No, it's not working. It's not going to
work. It's not going to work.
man.
It's not going to work, huh?
Yeah, I know the audio is fine, guys.
It's just the the the screen. I guys
can't show you the screen. This is not
the real screen. is a frozen screenshot
that you're seeing here and I can't I
can't show anything else. That's the
problem. I can't show anything else
right now,
you know. So, it's just really
frustrating. It's frustrating. You know,
my plan was to do an ultra long stream
today, do the giveaway, hopefully catch
a nice move on Bitcoin, but I don't
know. I don't know if I'm going to be
able to do that right now. This is the
only screen I can show you guys. It's
not even live.
The Bitcoin price not even moving. Look
at that. It's not even moving. It's the
only screen I can show right now. If I
try and add it. Oh,
I did this before. It might just be a
temporary fix. All right, we're going to
have to give this another shot. Man,
this is this is a crazy stream. All
right, this is
this a crazy stream here. Whoa.
Some crazy stuff. All right, so we've
got another screen here.
I don't even There we go. This one is
live. Bitcoin is dumping. We're about to
take the dang lows. Hopefully we can do
some analysis. Hopefully we can actually
make a move if we need to make a move
here,
you know? Hopefully we can make a move
if we need to make a move here.
Let's hope that this holds here.
O,
let's hope that this holds. Oh. Oh,
>> oh.
All right, we are dumping. We're trying
to dump here.
All right.
You know what we really need, too, is
some some different music on this one.
We need some different music. Let's put
on some
pure boom bat vibes 90s beats. All
right. There we go. There we go. All
right. We're doing a 200,000
$252,000 giveaway.
A a
Yeah, I have 100 tabs open. Yeah.
There's no audio. Now there's audio.
My computer's flopping and groping here,
guys. Um
hey
All right. I don't know if we're live or
not.
Um, let's see here.
Are we live or not?
Looks like we're live.
Man, this is the craziest stream I think
I've ever done in my life. This is the
craziest stream I think I've ever done
in my Oh, man.
All right, we're back. We're back.
What the actual, man? What the actual?
What the actual?
Yeah, this is some weird stuff.
This is some weird stuff, I'm telling
you.
All right,
I think we're good.
Do you guys have audio? If you can hear
me, let me know. Yeah, I think we're
good.
Yeah, we're good. We're good. We're
good. Woo.
All right, here we go, baby.
We are good and we are live. Just went a
10,000x long. Never mind. It's already
dumping. Cool. All right.
Well, here we go, guys. Bitcoin dumping.
Let's check out the order flow.
All right. Let's see what's been
happening during this whole move here.
Wow. A big increase of open interest
here.
Lots of longs and shorts opening. We had
a lot of longs and shorts opening here.
We are trying to
come and take these lows. Let's see.
Okay. Yeah, we'll set some alerts here
on Bitcoin in case we need to
pay attention to the chart imminently.
An imminent chart. Pay attentionly.
All right. So, here we go guys. This is
our predicament with Bitcoin.
This is our predicament with Bitcoin. We
have basically lost 736 which was a very
important low. You can see here we've
back tested it and we are currently
rejecting and our next stop guys is
essentially
coming all the way back down to around
$68,000 point of control of the range.
If we pull the fib from the low to the
high, you could see that our Fibonacci
golden pocket plus 786 is coming in
right around here. I do think that's
where we're probably going to come. Uh
something else that probably is going to
happen is within a few months the bare
market will be over. Right? So when we
come down here either this is our higher
low and then we go into a bull market or
we see another big drop another little
range and then we go into the bull
market. Now personally I hope for this
second one here because I do want to buy
some spot Bitcoin at cheaper prices.
Let's go to our weekly time frame here
and take a look at what we can see.
First of all, we only have two days left
until the dreaded red dot on the weekly
market cipher B confirms. Guys, now
again, this red dot on weekly market
cipher B, you know, even if we're in the
middle of a epic bull run, this is
always going to give us at least
sideways, most likely sideways and down,
but at the very least sideways. All
right, we go to the daily time frame
here. And here's the thing. We have
broken the trend line here.
All right, we've broken the trend line
here. And so I don't consider this
hidden bullish divergence anymore. This
is no longer hidden bullish divergence.
This trend line is way too broken. We
are coming into the range right here.
Next stop, guys, especially if we're
closing the weekly candle below the
orange line, is all the way down at
around $68,000.
All right. So, let's see what happens as
we're chopping around in this little
range. Of course, you know, there's
plenty of opportunity here to take
trades. Yesterday in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord, we took a juicy long trade from
right here at the exact bottom. All
right, this was at 10:00 in the morning
yesterday. And yesterday, well, we gave
the setup, which is no longer visible on
the screen. We gave it in the moment in
the Casper Cove VIP Discord. Locked in
thousands of dollars. And then we gave a
short trade.
Also, when we got the move up to this
area, locked in $1,000 as well. And now
we're kind of just waiting to see which
one is going to play out as we are
coming down very close to the entry here
on this short trade. We're up 17 grand
unrealized profits, 21 grand realized
profits. All right. It's pretty crazy.
Pretty crazy. The 886 is 719.
If you pull from 74,
let's see that if you pull it from
7,400.
Okay. Yeah, I don't I don't like that
786. I don't like that 886. I don't like
this low here.
But uh I guess you could consider this a
nice area of liquidity here. But yeah,
the 886 is at 719 from this low here. I
I would say a place where we may find
support would be coming down and taking
this liquidity at 70,400.
That could actually give us a pretty
nice bounce right there for two reasons.
Reason number one, we have the liquidity
right here. But reason number two, we
have the support resistance flip right
here. All right. Right. So, this gives
us this little zone, this little box of
hope and wonder
where honestly, if we do come down here,
that that could make for a nice scalp
trade at the very least. All right, so
let's see what's going to happen as we
come to take the low. Something else
to bear in mind here is there is this
naked daily point of control down here
at 72281.
If I'm going to be honest, as I look at
market cipher B,
uh, maybe it would be scalpable.
Maybe it would be scalpable. H, the 6
minutes looking like pooperoni.
The 24-minut actually looks pretty good
to get a little bit of a bounce from
7283 here. We'll have to wait and see
what happens as it as it happens. Maybe
I will FOMO into a freshy. All right.
Maybe I will FOMO into a freshy, baby.
So, let's see. Shout out to Doc the
Goat. Audio is fine.
Audio is somewhat muffled. Oh, man. All
right. Let's see what we can do with
that. Okay. Let's see what we can do
with that. Let's see what we can do with
that here.
No, I I I don't I don't know if I can
fix that, man. Guys, the audio muffled
for y'all.
All right.
It's 20. Okay, here we go. We're going
for the low, baby. We're going for the
low.
We're going for it, baby. We're going
for it.
I think the weekly dot will be a fake
out. It might be. We'll have to wait and
see.
Man, look at this. Look at this. Look at
this. All right, bear with me here.
All right, we're going for the low.
We're going for the low, y'all.
We're going for the low.
Here we go. It's about to get brutal.
It's about to get brutal. Oh my
goodness.
Oh my goodness. It's about Oh my
Oh man.
Oh my goodness. It is about to get crazy
here.
Oh my.
Can you guys believe this? Here we go.
We're going for the low.
We're going for the low 723.
723. That's our target here.
Let's go, baby. Here we go. We're going
down. It's going down. It's going down.
I said I was getting married on Sunday.
I could use 250k. Well, here's the
thing, guys. Again, we're giving away
$252,000 today. The first giveaway is
courtesy of client funding. We're giving
away five $50,000 accounts, as you can
see right here on this picture, which is
no longer here. Um, and yeah, the only
thing you need to do in order to win a
$50,000 funded account, courtesy of
client funding, is have had an account
in the past or a current account using
my link. Blofin is giving away $2,000.
The only thing you need to do in order
to win the $2,000 giveaway on Blowfin
is
of course
um have an account using my Blowin ID.
All right, that's all you got to do is
all you've got to do.
Man, look at this dump here.
This is wild, man. All right, let's pull
let's pull up market cipher B.
We do have some 24-minute divergences
here. All right, we do have some
24-minute divergences.
The six-minute looks like garbageio.
Garbagino.
It looks like a garbagino.
The one minute it looks okay, but
that one minute looks decent. It looks
like garbagino.
Let's go to the one minute
in case we need to FOMO in. All right,
we'll FOMO in.
We'll FOMO in.
All right, we FOMOed in.
Let's see. This is there. There is a
chance here based on our one minute,
based on our 24minut of a move to the
upside. We're reclaiming the level.
We've got some bullish money flow. All
right.
6 minute looks like absolute garbageio.
12minut dancing on the line, baby. 24
minute.
We'll have to wait and see. Honestly,
the 24-minut could be good. All right,
we're up 160 180 thou 180,000. We're up
$100. We're up. We're up $200. All
right, $250.
Now, here's the thing. If I could scout
this, I could close it right now in the
green, baby. If you know what I mean,
baby. Close it now in the green. If you
know what I mean.
I could if I wanted to. The question is,
do I want to?
Do I want to? You know,
The question is, do I want to?
All right. Here we go, baby. Big shout
out to Dennis Marv. I think June will be
green. Even if we get a oneweek red dot,
money flows in the green. Maybe 5 to 15
June. What do I think based on market
cipher B? Um, let's see here. Based on
market cipher B,
uh, I don't know, bro. I'll be honest
with you. Usually June is not a bullish
month for Bitcoin.
I'm not sure. I really don't know at all
anymore. Okay.
And I'm so thank you for the super chat.
The reality is right now, if I were to
be totally honest, I could convince
myself of an extremely bearish June.
But
if for some reason we were going to
reclaim
right now,
let's say,
I mean, if we start to switch market
structure, then maybe the daily could
give us a double bottom. And this double
bottom on the daily oversold wave
could pump us up, but I'm honestly
leaning more bearish for June, bro,
because I I think I think this weekly
red dot is going to push us down. That's
just my own personal view here. All
right, we're up 300 We're up 400 bucks,
guys. We're up $400. $471
right now on the trade taken live on the
stream. Okay.
Um, can I turn off ads during my stream?
Uh, no. I can't do that. I'm sorry. You
can get YouTube Premium.
No ads. That's what I use. Um, but no, I
have to keep ads on. All right. I'm not
going to demonetize the channel. And
it's not because I want to make money.
Trust me, I don't make money on this
YouTube channel. All right? I really
don't make money on the YouTube channel.
But the reason why ads need to stay on
is because YouTube wants to make money
on my channel. And so if I'm not giving
YouTube the opportunity to make money,
then they're not going to push me in the
algos. You know what I mean?
They're not going to push me in the
algos.
So, all right. Let's let's let's see.
Let's just let's go down to the low time
frames
and see what we got going on.
Looks like we're we're might be rolling
over here. Oof. We got a few blue, but
let's see. Oh crap. Crap. Oh no, we're
losing it all. We're losing it all. We
lost it all. We lost it all here. Let's
see. Come on, Bitcoin. Let's check out
order flow. See how order flow.
Oh man, that's not good. Lots of longs.
Longing the bottom. You would think that
would be good, but
we do have we do have some buyers coming
in. 14 million, 35 million. But oftent
times that might lead to uh them getting
wrecked, right? Might lead to more
squeeze city here. might lead to a
little bit more squeeze city. Come on,
Biddy. Come on, itty bitty
take profit for the long open. Now, you
could here's the thing. You could do
whatever you want to do. All right,
there was definitely the opportunity to
make money on the long. You do what you
want to do. All right, you do the do do.
You do the do.
All right, do the do. People tell me to
TP, guys. I mean, look, here's the
thing. I'm going be totally honest. All
right. I really don't want to TP right
now. I'm risking $800 on the trade. That
is such little amount of money. I would
like to come back to the top of the
range at least. Maybe coming up towards
this area here at the golden pocket
support resistance flip at around 73150.
All right. For me, taking profit now is
not worth it. I'm risking 800 bucks. Am
I really going to close it for $400? No,
I'm not. All right. I'm up I'm up 30
35,000 plus close to 40K on the short.
All right, I'm not going to be upset if
I lose $800 trying to long the bottom of
this range. Okay,
shout out to Max Longs.
Don't you know Bitcoin is over? There
will never be a bull market again. I've
heard it, man. I've heard it. Max longs.
All right. Uh where would I TP? Yeah. Um
TP1 for me on this thing would have to
be around 73150.
All right. 73150 is where that's worth
it for me right now. All right. cuz we
got in here
and we got ourselves up at that area is
a uh 4:1 risk-reward ratio right there.
All right, this is what we're asking for
a 4:1.
4:1 risk-reward. Come on, Bitty. Come
on, itty bitty.
Come on,
itsybitsy bitty. Come on, baby. Come on,
man. Guys, we are doing a $250,000
giveaway today.
All right,
we're doing it via client funding and
we're doing a $2,000 giveaway courtesy
of
Blofin. So, if you're signed up to
Blowofin using my affiliate link, not
only do you get the lowest fees
available on Blofin, but you also
get a chance to win $2,000. And if you
have or have had a funded account on
client funding using my link at any time
in the past, then you are eligible to
win. We are giving away five $50,000
funded accounts, guys. That's that's
actually massive. All right, we're we're
literally giving away $250,000.
All right, on client funding. That is
legit. All right, that is mad legit. Can
you believe that? Can you believe that?
Um,
how are stocks ripping and Bitcoin's
dumping?
Well, Bitcoin's pumping locally here. We
just made 800 bucks, 700 bucks. This is
our first support resistance here. This
might be the top. You know, honestly, if
you're scalping this, this is a
right here. This is a a two to one here.
This is an acceptable place to close the
long trade if you're scalping. All
right? But if you're more risky like
your boy Jason Casper, 73150
73150. Watch this. 73150.
73150. That's where we could take half,
you know, lock in a,000 bucks right
there. That's still like a one, you
know, that's
four to one risk. Wait a second.
Wait a second here. I see something
here. Let me see something right here.
That's such a tight stop loss. Yeah,
it's almost a 5 to1 riskreward.
How much am I risking on this trade
here?
800 bucks.
Well, that doesn't seem quite right,
does it?
All right. So, CJ Niss 8187 says, "If
you're not signed up with Jason Casper
Bluff and you're crazy, honestly, the
best fees ever." Thank you, bro. Change
my trading. I mean, it really is the
best fees ever. I'm not just saying
that. It legit
it legitimately
is the best fees ever.
You know,
Bitcoin is run by exchanges and they
must make their money.
Yeah. Yeah.
You're up 13K in your shorts. That's
what's up.
Shout out to everyone who's making money
on the shorts.
It is 10:30 a.m. New York time on a
Friday. Let's see if this has any juice.
All right, let's see if this has any
juice here.
Let's check out our 15-inute chart.
We've got a 15-minute candle close
above.
Let's check out market cipher B.
I mean, 6 minute looks like potential
div here. It's It really is dancing on
the line. It doesn't look that great.
I'd say I'm probably
if someone put a gun to my head.
God forbid.
I wouldn't know what to do right now. I
wouldn't know what to do. I don't know
what's going to happen here. 24-minute
is acceptable. If we can get a 24-minute
green dot here, that would give us the
juice to potentially come back up to the
high of this range here.
All right. That would give us the juice
to potentially come all the way back up
towards this range up here. Maybe take
these highs and then get another dump
back down. That would actually be pretty
nice. Can we get the 24m minute green
dot? Let's see. Let's see. Let's see.
Come on, baby. We're losing money very
quickly.
We're losing money very quickly.
Yeah, that mini resistance is tough
here. That is a tough mini resistance
here.
Yeah, that that local resistance is
tough, man. Look look at that rejection
on the fivem minute. Sheesh,
that is tough. All right, let's check
out order flow.
We had a lot of longs opening up. Now,
nothing is really happening here, but we
did have some buyers step in here. 35
million, 14 million, plus another 10.
So, let's just say that's like 50
million, 60 million longs. That's not
really that much.
Do they have what it takes? Do they have
what it takes? Looks like they don't,
guys. Looks like they don't. All right.
Looks like they don't. Oh, man.
Oh, man. Oh, man.
Oh, dang.
Shout out to Hood Latch who says,
"Praise the Lord." Amen. Praise the
Lord, bro. Why did I take a trade? Uh
because it's against the law.
Uh it's against the law. This is like
this is serious, guys. It is against the
law to see
the Bitcoin price take the low with
bullish money flow on the 24-minut and
not try and take a long. It's against
the law. If you see that happen, you
have to take a trade. That's why I've
taken a trade here. All right, we took
the low
and we are seeing bullish divergence
potential, money flow crossing
potential.
And if the goal of trading is to buy low
and sell high, well, in that case, we
have a very clear low in this zone and
we have a very clear high in this zone.
zone. And so therefore, until we lose
these two levels, I am going to be
looking to long this zone and short this
zone until we lose the zone, which case
we wait for a new zone. Like yesterday,
we took a long for this zone right here.
Taken in the moment, we actually made uh
quite a bit of profit on that. I don't
know if I can show it because all my all
my screenshots are messed up from my
computer having to reset here. But let's
see. Yeah, yesterday
we took the long trade yesterday morning
from that zone there and we made a
couple thousand dollar on it. You know,
we made a couple grand. So now, once
again, we're down in that zone.
And so we've already made thousands of
dollars longing and shorting. So now we
either lose $800 out of the thousands
we've made and wait for a new zone, or
we come back to the top of the zone, we
make another few thousand, maybe get
into another short. We'll have to see
what things look like, you know? Let's
see. that right now what I want to see
is a confirmed green diddly doot dot on
the 24-minut. It's not looking the best.
I'll be honest with you. The 12minut
time frame is not looking the best.
The 6-minut time frame is not looking
the best. And honestly, yesterday this
low wasn't looking the best either. But
we held. We held. We held. We held. We
made money, right?
So, let's see.
Let's see what's going to happen here,
guys. Oh, man. And the one minute money
flow is really what got me into this.
And honestly, I could have closed it in
an $800 profit. I acknowledged local
support resistance right here, but
didn't take profit because my my goal
for this trade is to come back to the
top of the range. Maybe that's a bad
goal. Maybe I should have closed it for
an $800 profit one to one, but
uh no, I'd rather take an $800 loss. I'd
rather my two choices be make a couple
G's or lose 800. Like for me, those are
I like those two options better than
make 800 or lose 800. I' I'd rather lose
800, move on to the next trade, uh, and
have the potential to make a couple G's.
O, looking not looking good here. O,
we're in the Rojo.
We are in the Rojo. Oh my goodness.
Oh, no wonder I'm not risking $800.
Man, no wonder I I knew something was
off. I'm risking $400 on this. No. I'm
like, what the heck is on wrong with
this? I'm like, you guys saw me do that.
I'm like measuring out. I'm like, wait a
second. I should be up $2,400.
Oh, man. I I made a mistake with that
one. But whatever.
All right, let's see if we come down. I
might I might have to FOMO into another
long. All right, if we come on down,
yander.
Yander bonander. Let's see.
Let's see
how much is my weighted vest. Right now,
this is a 25 lb weighted vest. All
right. I had it 30 lbs. I took 10 pounds
out just now. I'm pretty beat. It's the
end of the week. You know, I had some
really intense workouts this week. Did
three days of intense hill sprints this
week. I had a really high step count
this week. One day I did like 49,000
steps in a day.
um a lot of that weighted vest. So yeah,
so that's why I have a lighter vest on
right now.
Max Longs wants 9 figures by the 4th of
July. You're up 15K right now. Max
Longs, what's your entry, bro? And
what's your position size?
Do I have a video on Market Cipher B? I
am I am the number one video creator on
Market Cipher B. Uh, shout out to
Daniel. He says, "How are my profits
this week?" Uh, this week they were they
were
It's hard to say because I've had some
swing trades open. This week I closed
the trade for $59,000 in profit. So, but
that was an old swing trade. So, but
also this week I took two losses. One
was a swing trade. They were both
attempted to be swing trades. End up
losing like what was it? Six grand on
that. So, I closed I closed 59K. I lost
six grand. Then yesterday I made eight
grand.
And that doesn't include the 21 grand
that I've closed on the short trade
here.
So it it depends. On fresh trades,
they've been bad. On taking profits on
open trades, it's been good. So that's
that's what I could say. All right.
Taking profit on open trades have been
good.
Uh so far
this is my fifth trade fresh of the week
which means so far I have two wins
two losses. This will either change my
win rate into
uh more than 50% or less than 50% for
the week.
So let's see what happens here. Let us
see what happens here.
715 in the cards. Yes, definitely 715 is
in the cards, guys. I don't believe in
cards like that. That stuff is demonic.
But here's the thing. Yes, 715.
Let's go to the daily. Let's go back to
this chart here. Uh I'm sorry.
For me, I'm mostly not looking at 715.
I'm looking at 70,500.
Right. This little green right here.
Right. This little green right here. We
have liquidity. We have a support
resistance flip. That's I think could be
the next level before the low. And if we
pull here,
that is also h
it's in the zone between the golden
pocket and the 786. Let's pull from this
low. Wow. If we pull from this low,
that's actually looks pretty nice. We
put on our 065 here.
This could give us a nice little bounce.
But overall, having closed multiple
daily candles below value area high of
range, I'd say probabilities are highest
that we make our way down to
this area here. It's a pretty big zone.
We have lots of you can you can see from
the chart there's not much support,
resistance. There's not much support
until we come to that area. Come on,
Bitcoin. We're pumping, baby. Come on,
baby. Come on, baby.
Yeah, the car. Yeah, trying trying to
use cars to predict the future is
demonic. Wanito Gomez. And if you're
doing that stuff, you're opening up
doorways for demons and evil spirits to
come and mess with you. You should
honestly repent.
You should repent of that. Ask the Lord
for deliverance. And he will set you
free from that stuff.
61.5 is in the cards. 50k is in the
cards. Anything is in the cards.
Anything is possible. That is totally
true. All right.
Any That is true. All right. Anything is
possible.
>> Definitely not a pump, says one sequoia.
What are you talking about? You don't
think this is a pump? Look at the one
minute chart. Oh my goodness.
Looks like we're forming a bit of a
triangle. Honestly,
if we can't break this high this time,
then yeah, it's definitely not a pump.
This is our chance. This is our chance
cuz we've come down to the local uh 786.
That's why we're getting this this
bounce
on this back test here. So,
yeah,
we've got to reclaim 72860 for us to
have any hope. Yeah. For us to have any
hope. Yeah, we need to reclaim 70 to
860.
Did I eat some eggs today? No, I haven't
eaten in
16 hours. I haven't eaten in 16 hours. I
probably won't eat for another
maybe another five hours or so.
All right, this is this Let's check out
order flow here. Come on, baby. Come on,
itty bitty. Oh, wait. You know what? We
have some bullish CBD here, guys. We
have a little bit of bullish CVD here.
You see that? We are seeing some shorts
being absorbed here. About 34 million of
them. About 40 million shorts being
absorbed.
That is a nice bullish CVD divergence
right there, guys. Objectively speaking,
maybe we come back up to maybe we do.
Maybe we go for that high, baby. Let's
go for that high. What are my thoughts
on the weekly red dot? Well, I've been
giving my thoughts on the weekly red dot
all week, which is
it could be bearish, right? We get the
weekly red dots sideways and down.
Sideways down. Am I still short from
83K? No, I have uh from that exact short
now is basically I am only short from uh
70 70 78K. All right, it's been added to
and readded and all this. All right, we
are starting to get a bit of a pump
here. Let's see if we can break the
high. Okay, we do have a little bit of
bullish CVD here. Let's check out market
cipher.
Ba.
We got some bullish dip money flow.
Trigger wave coming up. Let's check out
our 12minute 12minut triple bottom. Come
on, baby. Can we at least get to the
VWAP? Can we at least get to the
VWAPator? Let's pull the fib from the
high to the low. Can we at least get up
to our TP1 zone? Man, I I messed up. I I
put too little money on the trade here.
I thought you guys saw me. I I I
I whatever doesn't matter. It doesn't
matter what I did. Point is, can we come
up to the next level? Oh, baby. Big go.
We're pumping, baby. Man, honestly,
Jason Casper should take some dang
profits on that one.
I should take some profits on that one.
This is the big support resistance flip
zone. Do you guys see that? Wow. That's
called bullish CVD playing out right
there.
The long the the shorts are still open.
We didn't even squeeze them out yet.
Let's squeeze them out, baby. Let's
squeeze them out.
73150.
Man, I should have been in with more
size here. I made a mistake on that.
73150.
We'll close out half the position here
if we can make it up to there.
Let's see.
I think we can.
I think we can. I think we can. I think
we can. I think we can. I think we can.
I think we can. I think we can. Let's
go, baby. Come on.
Guys, if you took this trade with me, I
mean, please, after a move like that,
it's stupid not to take profit. You
might say, "Jay, why aren't you taking
profit?" Well, do as I say, not as I do,
guys. All right. Do as I say, not as I
do.
I mean, technically, this is a great
place to take profit. We're at a dang 3
to one riskreward. I'm just going for
the four to one. All right. Do as I say,
not as I do. I'm like the parent with
the cigarette hanging out the mouth.
Don't Don't ever smoke, kids. Don't ever
smoke, kids. It's It's bad for your
health,
kids. Don't ever smoke. It's bad for
your health. All right.
Come on, baby. Come on. Come on.
Come on.
Yeah.
Oh. Oh.
Oh, come on. Dang it.
Oh, per big giant daddy per coming in.
Oh. Oh. All right. Well, let's see what
happens now with the support resistance
flip here. All right. It's irresponsible
not to have taken profits, but this is
now our our clear make it or break zone.
Just check out the shorts are still
open, guys. The shorts here are still
open. All right, we have not squeezed
them. They're they're they're holding
their position. We have longs at the
low-end profit. We have shorts in the
red. All right, so right now, what's
what's very important is our support
resistance flip right here.
All right, our support resistance flip
right here.
If we can get a bounce from that, we're
we're in the gravy.
All right, let's go to the fiveminute
chart.
Yeah. Oof.
We closed below. That is not a good
looking candle. But man, look at the
bullish CVD that we have here. Like, and
those shorts have still not closed.
Let's see if we're getting bearish CVD
here.
Um, no, not yet. Not yet. But this is a
make it or break it zone right here,
guys. A make it or break it zone right
here. Let me tell you,
make it or break it.
Take it to fake it to make it to wake
it, you know. Here we go. Here we go.
We're trying to get the back test, baby.
Let's check back to the to the O of
how's the O of looking,
man. Those those shorts are still open.
So, as long as those shorts are open and
in the underwater here, we do have a few
trap short. It's not too many. It's like
50 mil.
It's like 50 mil. Ooh, I I
mean to clearly we're in a downtrend
here, making lower lows, lower highs.
Oof, we rejected perfectly from that
trend line as well.
Can we break the trend line? That's the
question. We got a little bit of bullish
div here. Come on, baby. Come on,
ittytty bitty Bitcoin. Come on.
Jason Casper needs a new pair of shoes.
He needs to take his wife out on a fancy
date later. I told her I wasn't going to
get liquidated again.
I told her I wasn't going to get
liquidated again.
Look at Trump Truth on Iran at the exact
minute of the fake pump. Oh,
interesting.
The orange man coming in to pump my
scalp trade. Look, this is why I tell
you guys the the chart determines what
the news will be. If the Isn't that
funny? The chart said take a scalp and
then Trump decides to tweet. That's why
look,
there's something very strange that
happens on these charts. There's
something very strange that happens on
these charts, guys. Somehow,
when you're charting human emotion and
decisions, collectively as a whole, all
these humans making decisions are
telling you somehow what humanity is
going to do. It's a very strange
phenomenon. Here we go, baby. We're
trying to go for the high again. Can we
hit the TP? All eyes on JC as we hit the
TP. Come on, baby.
Come on, baby.
Come on.
Yes.
Let's go ahead add to the long. We'll
add to the long.
Put our stop under here. Scalperon and
cheese, baby. All right. Scalperoni and
cheese.
Come on. Don't do this to me now.
Bitcoin, don't you dare.
Come on, Bitcoin.
Oh, no. Come on. Come on. No. No.
Come on, buddy.
There we go. There we go. Come to papa.
Yeah.
Did you guys see that one?
Add a little bit to the trade here. 10
grand.
All right, there we go. We made 1,000
bucks. We're in at this support
resistance flip here. All right, we've
added to the trade. Now the back test
support resistance flip. Let's see what
the market will give us now. Okay, guys.
Now we see what the market will give us.
All right.
Exhilarating. Exhilarating.
>> Oh, uh, shout out to
everyone in the house. Shout out to
Super Potent Smoker 420. Hit my TP.
Thanks, JC.
God bless you, bro. Man, we made that
money today, huh, guys? We made that
money today.
All right, we're in a $200,000 long.
Locked in a grand. Locked in a G. Just a
G. It ain't It ain't, you know, just the
G. It's all good. Um,
yeah, it's all good.
>> And now, let's see what happens next.
What's the Bitcoin price about to do
next?
Let's check out what Trump said on uh
Truth Social here.
Let's see what the orange man is up to
these days.
I'm going to read the words of the
president of the United States.
Iran must agree that they will never
have a nuclear weapon capitalized or
bomb capitalized. The Hormu straight
must be immediately open, no tolls, for
unrestricted shipping traffic in both
directions.
All water mines, bombs,
if any, will be terminated. We have
removed through denotation numerous such
mines with our great underwater mind
sweepers. Iran will complete the
immediate removal andor detonation.
Detonation, not denotation, detonation
of any minds that are left, which will
not be many explanation points period.
Ships caught in the straight due to our
amazing and unprecedented naval blockade
capitalized, which will now be lifted,
may start the process of heading home in
quotes. Say hello to your wives,
husbands, parents, and families. For me,
your favorite president exclamation
point. The enriched material, sometimes
referred to as nuclear dust, which is
buried deep underground with virtually
collapsed mountains caused by our
powerful B2 bomber attack 11 months ago
sitting on top of it will be unearthed
by the United States parenthesy which
comma it is agreed is the only country
along with China comma with the
mechanical capability of doing so
exclamation point and parenthesy comma
in close coordination and conjunction
with the Islamic Republic of Iran plus
the International Atomic Energy Agency
comma and destroyed.
It's very difficult to follow here. No
money will be exchanged comma until
further notice. Other items comma of far
less importance comma have been agreed
to. I will be meeting now in the
situation room capitalized comma to make
a final determination.
Thank you for your attention to this
matter. President Donald J. Trump in all
capitals.
All right.
>> Okay. I don't understand why this would
have pumped the Bitcoin price.
I mean, that's no different than
anything he's been saying this entire
time.
>> Um,
interesting. Memory man says,
"Distracting us from AI ran with Iran."
Yeah, isn't that the truth? Isn't that
the truth?
Um, yeah, he definitely talks to text or
something. I mean, I talk to text, too,
and and it's very strange. But the thing
that I don't feel like is talk to text
are all the commas. When I talk to text,
it the commas are not there,
you know. But the the the the
capitalization of random things does
seem like talk to text, doesn't it?
Does that mean Bitcoin back to 80K? I
don't know. All right. No one can know.
No one can know, guys. But quick
reminder, we're giving away $250,000
today.
All right. We're giving away $250,000
client funding. Let's see here.
Let's see. Here we go. Let's pop this
out onto the screen so we can see it.
Once again,
Client Funding is giving away $250,000.
If you want a chance to win, you need to
have signed up in the past or currently
for a funded account through client
funding. Also, Blofin is giving away
$2,000.
If you want a chance to win the $2,000
from Blofin, all you got to do is sign
up to Blowin using my link. You do not
need to
deposit anything.
Do not pass go. Do not collect $200.
Big shout out to everyone who played
Monopoly back in the day.
Look at this, guys. Look at this.
Amazing.
Um,
yeah. A lot of commas. A lot of commas.
Very strange. I feel like I'm I feel
like I'm It's like a giant run-on
sentence. It's very strange.
So, we are in a $200,000
long trade. We locked in a,000 bucks.
We're up two grand right now. Taken
live, guys. Taken live. All right. Jason
Casper, a professional knife catcher.
Look at this. Now, we're going for these
local highs here. This is very
important. We are coming up to the
Fibonacci Golden Pocket and the VWOP.
The Fibonacci Golden Pocket and the
VWOP. Let's go to the 1 minute. Money
flow curving up on the 1 minute.
Let's see what happens here.
We'll set an alert here at the VWOP,
but in general, the target is the top of
the range now.
Was this trade a CDW? Yeah, originally
it was a CDW. I got in down here.
Uh I got in right around 726
and uh then I added at the support
resistance flip
right here. So my original entry was
down here
probably around yeah 70 726. We held it
in the green. We held it in the red. We
got the move. Once we got the support
resistance flip here, we hit our TP1 at
and I've added to the position to make
my entry now at the support resistance
flip because this is a scalp trade. So I
am riding the market structure.
I'm riding the market structure now. So,
as long as we're holding this, as long
as we're holding my TP1 73150, well,
then we're good, you know? Then we're
good, baby.
Shout out to EDC5068.
Why did I take profit and not too long?
Wouldn't it be the same as opening a
closing position? No, it wouldn't be the
same. Uh, psychologically, it's
different there. Um, psychologically
it's different because now that I have
this realized profit of $1,000, it just
psychologically is much nicer to add to
the position. I don't know how else to
say. Okay, we're at the VWOP, guys. This
is a big make it or break it zone. We're
probably going to get a rejection from
here, at least locally. All right, so we
hit VWOP. Let's see if we do this. All
right, cuz this is not a place to be
opening up a long r.
Wow. But apparently 80 million people
are longing the VWAP. That's really not
good. That's just like all these people
who shorted the support down here. We
got a bullish CVD divergence. Um we're
starting actually now to build some
bearish some potential bearish CVD
divergence here at the VWOP golden
pocket. All right. So this is definitely
a TP zone right now.
All right. Definitely a TP zone right
now. In fact,
I am going to, since it is a scalp
trade, lock in another $1,000.
There we go. 2 G's. Now, we've got uh
we'll put another 13K on the trade
here.
There we go.
Just trail that stop.
Got about 100,000 on the position. Now
our next target is 73,900
where we will lock in another
$1,000.
All right. Long the bottom, short the
top, guys. Long the bottom, short the
top.
You want to learn how to read orderflow?
Well, I have a free course. Go to Jason
Casper's YouTube channel
right here.
Go to playlists
Go to Jason Casper's free trading course
right here
>> and scroll down until you see the order
flow and CVD explained
>> section where I myself wearing a
gorgeous blonde wig from the 80s will
teach you how to read orderflow. All
right, let's go baby. We have reclaimed
the VWAP. A couple G's locked in the
bank, baby.
A couple G's locked in the bank, baby.
Hold it for a bit higher. Well, this is
a scalp trade. So, my goal for this
trade is not to hold it as a swing. My
goal for this trade is to hold it as a
scalp, right? I'm looking to make money
quick in this market. Now,
I just so did happen to take the trade
from another account. So,
uh I'm going to hold that one as maybe a
swing trade. All right. going to maybe
hold that one as a swing trade. So over
here
I have let's see if this will even show.
I have this I've taken it from two
accounts at the same time. This is my
swing trading account. This one I put
the right position size on which was
double what I wanted and we're up six gr
grand. And this one, this account is the
one where I've closed out my $54,000
trade.
So 54 55 56 57 58 59. Yeah. So we're up
like 50 over 55K on this account since
April.
Since April. Let's see what happens
here. This is a very key support
resistance flip zone. Um this one I'm
definitely going to hold to the death.
Let's see.
I got to restart the tread. But let's
see. Here we go, baby. Are we going to
hit our target?
Are we going to hit our target here?
Let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Look at this, man. Look at this. Look at
this. Here we go, baby. Here we go, man.
Bitcoin pumping. Let me sniff your
sandals. All I want to see is another
purple candle.
Um,
man, this is crazy right now, guys. Do
you see? Do you not see this? Uhoh. Hang
on. Got to get my treadmill.
>> Yeah, I do have short trade plans. I
have short trade plans. If we if we hit
the TP on the long, I'm going to short.
Oils in freef fall.
This is crazy.
This is the most positive spot that So,
people are buying on spot right now.
Oh my goodness. People are buying on
spot. This is wild.
Oh my goodness. Look at Look at the
amount of longs coming in right now. Is
this
Let's put it on spot here.
Let's check out spot uh spot only here.
I'm very curious to see like what the
spot buyers are doing.
Wow. Okay, this is insane. But we are
seeing this is just spot Bitcoin right
here. Millions of dollars coming in for
spot Bitcoin buys right now. We got
millions of dollars coming in for spot
Bitcoin buys. Oh my goodness.
Let's put it back on aggregate
aggregated
futures here.
Let's put this back on aggregated as
well. The futures.
Wow, look at this pump, guys. Here we
go. Look at this, man.
Let's see if those shorts stopped out
yet. Yeah, they're out now. These guys
wrecked. All right, these guys were
wrecked, man. We saw that bullish CVD
divergence down here, man. I was
thinking, man, maybe we got a squeeze
and sure enough,
look at that, man.
Look at that.
$3,000 made in half an hour. more than
that. I haven't taken the profit though
on my other account, but right now I'm
up
nine grand in half an hour. That you
can't make that on a 9 to5. Let me tell
you, you can't make nine grand. Now, I
haven't realized nine grand, guys. So,
please I I could right now realize nine
grand if I wanted to in half an hour,
but obviously I'm going to let my ideas
play out here. So far, I've only
actually realized two grand in half an
hour, which is still pretty good.
But let's see. This is definitely an
unsustainable pump.
At some point, we're going to need a
major back test here. This 15-minute
candle. Let's let's let's actually let's
go to Trading View. We we're above the
VWAP now. All right. Let's let's do some
fresh analysis here. We're above the
VWOP. All right. So, we we are
technically we're at the highs. Okay.
Remember, guys, remember the plan is buy
low, sell high. Someone asked me why' I
long here. I said cuz we're at the low
with bullish divergence and we target
the high. We are officially now at the
high. All right. If you have not taken
profits in my opinion, if you're day
trading or scalping, bad idea. If you're
holding it in case of big pump,
let's see what happens here. I'm willing
to hold that other trade a little bit
more. Uh but wow, look at this. The 1
hour time frame, guys, with a nice
bullish divergence, which we'll confirm
in 45 minutes.
The 24-minute, which is the one that got
me into the trade in the first place,
has confirmed a very nice bullish div
here, guys. All right, we're above the
golden pocket. We're above the 786.
We're above the VWOP.
Again, this is a very unsustainable
candle here. We have a fair value gap
that will be filled at 72760.
Uh so, let's see what happens here. If
we can grab this liquidity,
maybe we come down for a back test and
then do something like this. All right,
let's see what's going to happen here.
Let us see what is going to happen here.
Come on itty bitty.
Can Itty Bitty get the pump?
Can she get the pump?
Come on, itty bitty. Can she get the
pump,
man?
Man, and someone asked me why didn't I
take profit on the long when I was in
$400. This is why, guys. This is why.
This is why.
Speaking of percentages, 9K on one mill
is not big.
Uh, you're right. Yeah, this is like a
$500,000 account.
Yeah, that's a $500,000 account, but I
did not risk a true 1% on on this trade
here. I risked
800 plus. I I Yeah, almost. Yeah, I
risked about 1%. All in all. All right.
Looks like we're starting to get a
pullback here, though. All right.
Looks like this this is this is
definitely uh could come down quick,
guys. If we lose VWOP, we're coming down
real quick. All right. We lose VWOP,
we're coming down real quick. Okay, so
here we are at the VWOP. Let's put back
on our music. Look at this. We come up
right to the box that Jason Casper drew
on the chart. Right. When Jason Casper
makes a green box on the chart,
seriously, I'm I'm not even kidding. You
got to You got to take that thing
serious. All right.
What video should we listen to? Dead for
52 minutes. God gave me one last chance
in hell. Reptilians are real. Shocking
biblical evidence they are here. Plus,
hidden church military alliance or
golden era hiphop mix.
Which one should we do, guys?
I think we'll do this one.
The other two are very tantalizing. I do
have to say they're very tantalizing.
Yeah, we we are we are in for a bit of a
retrace here, guys.
That 1 hour divergence is sharp. Yeah, I
think we could come up more,
you know. So,
That one hour divergence was sharp. Yes,
tantalizing. Tunosir, don't you know
what tantalizing means?
>> Tantalizing.
Let's uh let's Google the definition
here.
Tantalizing describes something that
provokes excitement, interest, or strong
desire, especially something that
remains just out of reach or
unobtainable.
The word originates from a Greek
mythological figure, Tantalus. As
punishment, the gods placed him in a
pool of water beneath fruit trees.
Whenever he tried to drink, the water
receded, and whenever he reached for the
fruit, the branches blew out of reach.
The history of infernal frustration
describes the word today, wanting
something deeply that is mockingly
unavailable,
tantalizing. I mean, do you know how
badly I want to just sit there and watch
these twohour long documentaries about
conspiracy theories and afterlife
near-death experiences?
Very much so. Very much so. But I can't.
I'm live on a on a you on a crypto chat
uh crypto stream, you know.
It's just out of view.
All right, the VWAP is going to be a
very important level here, guys.
It's fighting daily open, huh? Bull flag
incoming. All right.
All right, guys. You know what? What we
really do need to do, we need to do the
giveaways. All right, we need to do the
giveaways. We're going to start with the
blow fin giveaway. All right, here's
what I need you guys to do. All right,
in the YouTube chat, I need you to spam
the chat with your blowfin user ID that
you have obtained using my affiliate
link. And I'm going to choose
two winners.
Two winners
which get $1,000 dropped into their
account, guys. All right, two winners.
So, I want you guys to go do that now.
Spam the chat. And what I'm going to do
is I'm going to count down from 10 and
take a screenshot. All right, I'm going
to count down from 10. I'll take a
screenshot.
And whoever
is on the screen wins. All right, now's
your chance. Okay, let me make sure
we're on live chat here so that everyone
has a fair shot. All right, let's go.
Here we go. All right, you guys ready?
Spam your user ID. 10
9 8 and 1/2 8.25 8.125
8 765
4.75 4.55 4.5 4.3 4.25 4 4.1254
2 1 Bam.
All right. And our winners are
shout out to our winners, Arnner Jensen
and E. Pongert Snow 8215.
Congratulations.
Uh Arnard Arnard Jensen and Eongert
Snow.
Congratulations, guys. All right.
Congrats. Congrats. Congrats.
All right. Now.
Now. That's right. Time to give away
$250,000.
All right.
Here's the thing. If you get upset in
the chat that you didn't win, you're
excluded from all future giveaways. All
right. All right.
Wanito Gomez says it's rigged. Uh-oh.
Excluded from all future giveaways.
Wanito,
we're going to have to flag you, bro.
All right, now let's see how the trades
are doing. O, we're dumping.
All right,
now it is time for our Kleinf funding
$550,000
giveaways. All right,
$550,000 giveaways. All right, here's
what we need to do.
Here's what we need to do. Here's
A
>> I need you guys to post in the chat just
like we did with the blow fin IDs.
You need to do it with your
with your client funding
ID. All right, your client funding
account ID number. All right,
so go do it. We're going to do five
countdowns and five giveaways. Five
countdowns and five giveaways.
All right,
five countdowns and five giveaways.
You guys ready? Let me know if you're
ready in the chat. All right,
here we go.
Here we go. All right, we're going to do
five countdowns and five account
giveaways. All right,
let's refresh this chat here. I know not
as many people have a client funding
account number, so this is a more
exclusive giveaway here.
Preparing for war says no. What's wrong
preparing for war?
Hang on.
Is everything all right, bro?
preparing for war. What's going on, bro?
Is there something Is there something I
need to know about?
Shout out to Arnor Jensen.
Can you sign up after? No, not for
Klein, guys. I've given people a week.
All right. I' I've really I've really
milked it as much as I possibly could
here. All right.
Oh, preparing for war. Got to log in.
All All right. All right. All right,
we'll give you guys some time. We'll
give people some time to log in.
All right, we'll time to log in there.
In the meanwhile, we'll take a walk in
the sunshine cuz it is a beautiful day
out today. My goodness, it's beautiful
day.
All right, we'll give it a minute or
two, guys. Here.
Got to clean off my laptop screen here.
It's so dusty and dirty.
If you log in quickly, do you get extra
chances? I'll say no. I'll say no. Um,
but let's see here. Oh, man. Bitcoin
really is dumping. All right, let me let
me check out. We're losing the VWAP. We
need to reclaim that VWAP ASAP, guys, or
we're coming way down.
Come on, VWAP.
Yes. Yes. Come on, VWOP. Come on, baby.
Come on, baby. Here we go.
Let's see.
How do you find the code? Your account
number. Whatever the account number is
for client funding.
All right. Whatever the account number
is for client funding from a previous
account or current account. All right.
How to participate in the giveaway? You
need to get your account number. It's
not a user ID number. It's the number of
the account. The account number.
All right. No one knows where the number
is. So, I guess I guess we can't do it
now. If people don't know where the
number is, I'll have to find out. I'll
have to find out and get back to you.
Let Let me Let me ask client funding
right now.
And uh
I'm going to ask them right now. Okay.
We're going to get a picture for you
guys. All right, we'll get a screenshot
for you guys. Hang on, let me take off
this weighted vest. Let's get too much
weighted vest here.
All
right, we're reclaiming the VWAP. Don't
worry, guys. We'll get you. We'll get
you. I will make sure. Wow. Here we go.
We're pumping now. Wow. We're pumping,
baby. Wow. Look at that reclaim of the
VWAP. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness.
Hang on. I'm Let me use the opportunity
to pee in the bushes.
I'm going to pee in the bushes here. Uh,
don't worry. We won't do the giveaway
until client funding shows me where to
show you where to get this number. I
want this to be a fair giveaway, guys.
All right, so stand by.
Stand by, guys. And if we have to do it
next week, we'll do it next week. Okay?
If we have to do it next week, we'll do
it next week. I want this to be fair.
Okay?
I want this to be fair.
All right. Let's see.
We'll remove this. Really, what I'm
looking at now is this CDW
of this
CDW
of that of uh 738.
Come on, baby. Don't make a lower high
here. Don't We don't want We don't want
a double top here. Nope. No Siri Bob. No
Siri Joe Bob. No Siri Joe Bob.
All right, guys.
Client funding is going to get me the
info. All right, we'll make this fair as
heck. All right. My son loves peeing on
bushes and he's for That's so funny cuz
as soon as I was done peeing, I turn
around. Guess what? I literally see my
four-year-old son peeing over that way.
He still doesn't understand. You're not
supposed to just pee. Like he'll just
like randomly stop and pee anywhere. He
doesn't care like who's seeing. He
doesn't go to a tree. He doesn't do
anything.
Um,
he doesn't do anything. He just, you
know,
he just lets it rip. He just lets it
rip.
All right, let's see here.
Let's add to the trade.
All
right, we've added to the trade. We've
got $230,000
on the position. We're trying to lock in
a few G's here, guys. We're trying to
lock in another $1,000. Taking out the
highs. Let's take the highs. Come on,
Bitcoin. Let's take those highs. Let's
take the highs. Let's take the highs.
Let's take the highs. All right. This
daily is no more. We want to take this
high up here.
Come on, baby.
Ooh, baby. I love the way that you pump
Bitcoin.
Yeah. Come on. Let's take the highs.
Let's put a little alert here. When we
take the high, we want to watch it
happen.
We want to watch it happen.
Come on. Let's take the high, baby. Come
on, baby.
Come on, baby.
Let's go. Let's go. Why am I adding?
Because I'm scalping.
I'm trying to see what the market's
going to give me, man. I'm trying to see
what the market's going to give me. What
do I have to lose? Nothing. Worst case,
I make two grand. Let's try and make our
$3,000. Come on, take the highs.
Oh, please take the highs.
Oh, please take the highs,
>> man. We're so dang close. Come on. Come
on. Yes.
All right.
All right. We've taken the highs.
We just locked in another 4,000. We're
up seven grand today on this stream,
guys.
We lose that level, I'm shorting it.
>> We lose that level, I'm taking a short.
>> We don't lose level, we stay long, baby.
We stay long.
We lose that level, I'm shorting it.
>> We lose that level, I'm taking a short,
man.
All right, we lose it. I'm shorting. No
loss, no short.
No loss, no short. Okay.
No loss, no short. Locked in a juicy
uh
$4,000 win right there, man. Juicy. Look
at this, man. We locked in just so far
this month, 54 grand
from a swing trade.
We locked in a,000, lost,000. Yeah. So,
so really what's up? 54 55 56 59
60 61 62 63 61K 61K, guys.
this account
>> over here. What do we do? Let's take a
look.
What do we do over here?
Locked in 2600,
lost
5 grand.
So that's negative plus 20.
20 grand. And I mean, we have a lot of
small wins and small losses here, but we
have some massive wins. So, my big wins,
19K,
that was from May.
12K,
Shop City 18K, that was from the end of
April. Chop City. Chop City. Chop City.
Chop City.
Chop City. $63,000.
That was from the end of March. All
right. So, March and April.
We've had some massive wins. 63K.
So that's 80K,
90K,
110K
of wins. And then let's see. 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25
$25,000 of losses,
$110,000 of wins in the last two months.
All right. So, that's let's call it 80K
realized profits
on this account. The other account 60K.
So, we're up 140K in the last few
months. These are the trades that I'm
giving live on this YouTube channel,
plus in my VIP Discord. I'm showing you
guys the wins. I'm showing you guys the
losses. All right? I'm keeping it real
as heck.
>> Trust me, hell is real. So, you better
repent. Turn to Jesus.
short limit hit. Yeah, I'm if we lose
this level, I'm going to short this
guys. If we lose 73920, I am taking a
short here. Reason being, we've got
bearish divergences coming on in. All
right,
we've got bearish divergences coming on
in.
Right.
But until we lose it, I'm not shorting
it. Okay.
No short for me unless we lose the
level.
But this is a valid place to short.
Right. We're coming to the high. Just
like we took a long from the low. We got
the reclaim. We took the long. We get
the loss. We take it. We take it to
short. We get to the loss. We take it to
short.
All right,
>> let's go.
>> Why cross leverage? Um, I'm just at a
different point in my trading now, to be
honest. But the real reason is because
when I opened up an account on
Antarctic,
I put a lot of money in here because
it's all self-custody. It's a
decentralized exchange. So, I'm I'm not,
you know, usually when I'm on the sexes,
I'm putting, you know, 25, 30, 50K on
there and leveraging it up. Now, I've
got like
what what do I have here? You know,
I have like 200 almost $300,000 on the
on the on, you know, here. So, I'm using
low leverage and it's on cross and I
trust myself not to be an idiot
with it,
but I forgot to switch it to isolated.
That's honestly the real reason. And
once you have a position open, you can't
change it. Like I can't put it on
isolated now. Can I? No. Can't.
All right. Let's see, baby.
Let's see.
Let's see. Let us see. Let us let us
see. Let us see. Here
we're locking in the profits, baby. Can
you even spot it, baby?
Okay, I'm waiting for client funding to
get back to me. Guys, if we don't do the
giveaway today, I promise we'll do it
next week. Okay, if we don't do it to
get today, I promise we'll do it next
week. Okay, I don't mean to be a flopper
or groper. I just want to make sure
everyone has a fair shot at this. Okay,
that's a lot of money. Okay. Um,
you know, I had a conversation with them
All right. I had a conversation with
them. I I asked them,
"Do you guys want to pick the numbers or
should I?" They said, "I should. It
makes it look more um authentic." And I
said, "All right, let's do it." And then
I told them, "Nobody knows where to find
the number. Can you show a screenshot of
exactly what we need to get here?" All
right.
Here we go, baby. Here we go.
Let's pump it up, I guess. No, no reason
to short. No reason to short.
No reason to short right now, man. I
have no reason to short. Wait for
confirmation. All right. Waited for
confirmation to take the juicy long. Now
we wait for confirmation to take the
juicy short.
Why is KSEX not doing giveaways anymore?
I don't know. Let me hit them up. We'll
do a giveaway.
Why don't I take a screenshot of the
chat and give $5,000 to the winners?
Well, we didn't do that kind of
challenge today. Usually I do it if we
get 1,000 likes in half an hour. We have
850 viewers and only 200 people liked.
Man, you know what that does to a man's
self-esteem.
You know,
you like their bonuses more because it
covers 100% of losses. All right, let's
see. We're waiting to see if we want to
take a short here. Let's check out order
flow.
We got longs coming out the wazoo right
now. 311 million longs in this 15-minute
candle, guys. 311 million longs in this
15-minute candle. Let's go ahead and put
on our uh
Delta cluster.
Oh my goodness.
Hang on.
Okay. Oh my goodness, guys.
We literally have 300 million longs in
the wick.
Look at this.
This is crazy. I know you can't see it.
All right.
>> I know you can't see it.
All right, I'm going to short it. All
right, wish me luck. I don't believe in
luck.
I don't believe in luck, but let's take
a look
at the chart here.
All right,
let's take a look at the chart here.
You can see where the longs opened up
here
in this one candle.
We've got ourselves 132 million people
longing right at the top. 132
million. Wow, this is crazy. Like 200,
300 million. Wow. Wow. 100 200 300 400
500 million people literally longed at
the exact top here.
They literally longed the exact top. Not
a good idea.
All right, let's see
what happens here.
Look at that. We're already up 800
bones, baby.
We're already up 800 bones. Oh my
goodness.
Can you imagine if this short plays out
too? They're just handing it to us on a
silver. They're literally just handing
it to us if this plays out. Like again,
I'm I'm looking at this as more of a
move back down to the bottom of the
range, maybe a back test of VWAP for a
TP1. But can you imagine them just
handing us these entries on silver
bladder like this? There's no way this
plays out. There's no way. There's no
way this plays out, guys.
There's no way this plays out. This is
too easy. This is too simple. There's no
way this is going to work. Are you
kidding me? It's really that simple,
huh? It's really that easy. Sheesh.
It really is that simple, huh?
That's crazy.
What happened to Kax? I don't know.
But I I do pray for him as I pray for
you all in Jesus name.
Man, is that not that that is wild,
guys. Honestly, that th if if this
really is if this really is it, can you
imagine if they just handed us two
beautiful trays on a silver platter
today? That's what's up.
This is called silver platter trading
right here. I'm risking less than two
grand on this trade here.
That's such low risk considering the the
winds that we've we've locked in here.
>> I'm more than willing to take that risk.
Let's see what happens. I might take a
might take an L on this one, guys. Do
not care if I do at all. Do not care at
all.
Um,
now look, I could close this out in
profit if I want to. Like, that's the
thing. Like, but I'm letting this thing
sizzle. I'm letting her sizzle, baby.
Yeah, those are fine, bro. The ID for
the previous accounts, the ID number,
that's what I should have said. The ID
number, that's what you need. You need
the ID number. It could be any ID number
from any account that you've used under
my link. And that is that is valid.
That's all they need. They just need a
way to identify you so that they can
give you the funded account. But I'm
going to wait for them to get back to me
here.
What's my TP for this short? Uh my TP
for this short is honestly uh much
lower. Uh let's say 70,500 give or take.
70,500.
Yeah, we had a lot of people long the
top there, honestly. Let's let's take a
look back at the order flow.
This is the 15-minute chart in the order
flow. Give me one second to pull it up
here.
Yeah. So, look. I mean, would you look
at this, guys? Oh my goodness. We had,
let's just, let's just for all intents
and purposes call it two, four, six,
like 800 million people longing in this
wick right here. 800 million people
longing in this wick right here. That is
crazy. You when you have that many
people and they are in the red right
now. They are currently in the red. This
could Well, here's the problem. A lot of
them have actually closed out now.
We We have seen quite a few of them
close out to to be fair. To be fair,
they've closed out. All right.
So,
maybe it's not as bearish as we as I
want it to be here, but nonetheless,
we're coming to retest the VWOP.
This is a key level here. If we lose
this, guys, then we are we are going to
dump down much lower. Or if we lose
this, we are going to dump down much
lower here.
So, I'm going to set an alert here
at the VWAP because
h well,
>> no, let's just see if we make a lower
low here
cuz I might just close this trade. This
is a scalperoni here.
This is a scalperoni right here.
How big is my short? Uh, this short here
is 250K and the other short is 400
uh 400K.
$400,000 short.
So, all in all, I'm in $650,000 worth of
shorts.
Let's see what happens here. This short
might get wrecked. $400,000 short,
guys. So, client is not getting back to
me right now. They might be asleep. I
don't know their time zone. All right.
So, if we don't get to do it today, I'm
going to stick around for a while, but
if we don't get to do it today, we will
do it on Monday. All right.
For sure we will do it on Monday.
Oh crap.
Yeah. The reason why you don't have the
same uh values, Mario, is because I'm an
aggregated. So, I'm looking at all the
exchanges across the board here. I'm
looking at all the exchanges across the
board.
All
right, we are holding the support
resistance flip right here. This is this
is not bearish. This is not bearish at
all, guys. All right,
holding it. We do have bearish div on
the six minute with money flow coming
down. This is what's keeping me firm.
The 1 hour.
This could be a very bearish diver. I
know we got a bull dive here, but if we
get another red dot, this this could
turn into a very bearish divergence. All
right.
I thought I was going to lock in another
G up here. I guess I locked in another
600 bucks instead.
If that short trade I mean get stopped,
I I'll close out this long here.
Let's wait and see. We've got to wait
and see.
Yeah, 800 million people shorting with
$1 for sure.
All right, guys. Give me a sec here. I
got to go get a drink. I'll be right
back. All right. I got to get a drink.
I'll be right back.
Hey,
hey, hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
Hey, hey,
hey.
All All right, we're back, baby. We are
back in action, y'all.
We are back in action, baby.
Let's see what happens here. We're going
to be outside in the sun here.
Get a little sunshine.
I'm waiting on client to get back to me,
guys. If they don't get back to me, we
will do the giveaway on Monday. Okay? I
just want to make sure everyone has an
opportunity here. I want to keep things
fair, right? So,
>> the 1 hour had to close below the second
drop to confirm bullish dib and it
didn't. Price just wicked while
maintaining strength.
All right.
Yeah. Let's see what happens here, guys.
Let's see what claims the agreement with
the US is in the final stages of
ratification in Iran. Final decision has
not yet been made. Okay.
All right.
Did I get wrecked? No, I I actually made
tons of money today. Uh Sammy, if you're
just joining, I know the title of the
video says shorting Bitcoin to zero. Um,
but basically what happened was
we caught the long from like the exact
bottom and now we're shorting.
So,
as you can see here,
took a long at the low, locked in four
grand, and now I'm attempting a short
from the highs. And the short trade that
I was in at the beginning of the stream
is currently up
uh tens of thousands of dollars.
Yeah, it's up like almost 35k.
So, yeah,
we are we are making making bank today,
man.
Yeah, we're back in the middle of the
range. It is a beautiful, beautiful day.
Like, praise God for this weather.
Seriously, praise the Lord for this
weather. There's nothing I love more
than being out here, guys. Look at how
beautiful it is out here. It's
absolutely gorgeous out here.
It's just beautiful as far as the eye
can see. Besides those garbage cans, we
just got mountains, we got corn fields,
we got it all. We got mountains, we got
corn fields, we got it all out here,
baby.
You might die before Monday. Well, we
all might, right? Nobody knows their
day. Only God knows. That's why it's
important. Repent and turn to Jesus.
He's the only one who can save you.
He's the only one who can save you from
yourself.
No, I think I'm going to take off my
shirt
and get some real sun here. Might get
some real sun here.
Yo, big shout out to Dano Crypto
in the house.
Now that we made our money, we can just
relax in the sun. You know what I'm
saying?
All right, I'm waiting on client funding
to get back to me, guys, because I, like
I said, I really want to make this
giveaway very fair. I don't want anyone
to feel slighted. I want to make the
rules very clear. So, if they don't get
back to me during this stream, we will
do it on Monday. All right, which gives
you more time to sign up anyway. Okay,
we've already given away the $2,000 of
gloin.
How far is my nearest neighbor? He is
really far. Let's see if Let's see if we
can see him.
We could take a look. Hope he doesn't
mind being doxed.
All right.
I don't know if you could You probably
can't see him from here. Oh, yeah.
It's hard for me to see him from here.
It's hard for me to see him on the
screen, but he's right
way over there.
He's way over there.
No sound.
Sammy has sound.
What's my idea about recent viral
orderflow traders? Hyper scalpers. There
have been viral order flow traders.
No giveaways on MXC. No giveaways on XC,
guys. I'm sorry.
All right, we got sound. Sound is good.
What state do I live in? I live in the
state of peace and joy in the Lord
Jesus, the Messiah. Praise God.
That's the state I live in.
Is this a bottom for Bitcoin? I maybe. I
don't know. We're going to wait and see.
My peach trees are yellow. Yes. Yes. You
are what you eat, Sue Deep. So, they eat
the yellow and they've got they've got
the yellow. But actually, these are
yellow variety trees. They're supposed
to be yellow.
They're supposed to be yellow. Isn't
that interesting?
Show my car. I don't have a car, guys.
Look. No cars in the garage. I've got
some scooters.
I got some scooters and some tricycles.
No cars.
Do I feel alone? Yes. Praise God that
I'm alone here. I don't know how people
live packed in sardine cans in these
cities. Honestly, I don't know. Um,
you want to see the Lambo? I don't have
a Lambo. I do have a 2018 Ram 1500.
Don't have a Lambo.
I will never have a Lambo, guys. I will
never have a Lambo.
And if I do get a Lambo, it'll be a
Lambo tractor just so I can say I have a
Lambo and I'll be out there in the
field.
I'll be out in there in the field
harvesting corn with my Lambo.
All right, this just in. The Iranian
president
Wait, no. The Iranian state media
rejects US President Trump's
announcements claiming Iran agreed to
give up and destroy it enriched uranium.
All right, I don't know if that's true
or not.
Lambos are for wannabe crypto traders.
Yeah, I never got into crypto because I
wanted to be rich and have nice things.
I got into crypto because I wanted to be
free and be away from everybody and just
live out on the land and not have to
worry about anything.
Lambos are gay.
It's weird. A lot of people are saying
there's no sound, so what the heck?
How about now? How about now? Do we have
sound now?
Do you have sound now? Do you have sound
now?
>> Look, everyone is entitled to have their
own views and goals in life, but for me,
I'll be honest with you, I
I don't like
I I'm not into that that lifestyle.
Like, I don't want that. I don't want I
don't want to have a nice car. I don't
want I don't want I don't want to I
don't want people to look at me and
think, "Oh, that guy has a lot of
money." I want people to look at me and
think, "That guy's broke as heck. Better
not mess better not waste my time
worrying about that guy." I'm trying to
blend in, just be out here, mind my own
business, drive my 2018 Ram with with a
little rust on the side cuz I hit a rock
backing up by accident a couple years
ago. like
not trying to spend hundreds of
thousands of dollars on a vehicle when
first of all I don't even drive
anywhere. I don't even leave this place.
I leave this place once a week to go to
church. I'm not even kidding you. I
don't even drive anywhere. I'm not
trying to have a Lambo. Not trying to
have a Ferrari. If you like that stuff,
that's cool. But like for me, I'm just
trying to be out here and like have a
nice have a nice homestead and just
praise the Lord. have have like no
stress, no work stress in life. Now,
don't get me wrong. You see all these
wrinkles, guys, in the pursuit of living
a stress-free life with no job. I've
aged myself and stressed myself so much.
I can't even imagine. I mean, it's
crazy. Like,
I have aged myself and stressed myself
so much in the past 5 years,
working the land,
working tirelessly, losing sleep, trying
to build a business, trying to trade,
all this stuff. I've aged myself a lot.
Sometimes I envy the 9 to5ers that just
punch the clock and get their money even
if they suck. You know, when you're out
here, you're the only one to do the
work. If you don't do it, it doesn't get
done.
So, we do have sound.
Do I have a vegetable garden? Do I have
a vegetable garden? That's an
understatement.
I've got an acre and a half of land that
I farm.
You know, I've got a lot I've got a lot
out here.
>> All right, everyone can hear me loud and
clear. All right, big shouts to Dave
Digital. Let's see if this long trade
gets wrecked. All right.
Yeah. So, it ex X uh X Rafer says, "Nice
cars are not about showing other people.
It's about having nice things." Yeah,
that's why I said if you're into that,
great. If you're into having a nice car,
that's good for you. Like I'm I'm all
about you having nice things that you
like. All right. For me, the only reason
I would ever have a nice car is as a
status symbol. And I'm not into status
symbols. I'm just not. I think they're
gay. I'll just be honest with you. Like
people who get nice things for the sake
of looking cool in front of other
people, that's so gay,
right? That's that's disingenuous. And
and you're just chasing like to keep up
with the Joneses lifestyle. For what?
For what? You want to wear clothes that
are expensive just so people know you
have a lot of money. That's [__]
Why not take that money and do something
productive with it? Honestly,
you know what I'm saying?
I look all right for being 50. Thank
you. Thank you. I know. I mean, I feel
50. I got all these wrinkles, man. You
know, I feel 50.
So,
But so that's one of the reasons why I I
almost I almost despise the idea of
having a Lambo. I almost despise the
idea of having a Lambo because it's like
well I know I'm not really into that,
right? I know I'm not really into
Lambos. So if I were to get one, it
would just be for that dumb reason.
That's a lot of money.
You know what I'm saying?
Can you do a live of the land? No, I
don't really want to show everything on
my homestead. I've thought about doing
it. I might do a I'll do a live stream
from the chicken coop someday.
I'll do a live stream from the chicken
coop someday.
My computer's overheating out there.
You thought I was in my 40s?
>> I'm actually 35,
but I feel like I probably look in my
40s. I I've legit aged myself so much
when I go back and look at uh
old pictures of myself, I'm like, "Dang,
I got old." But, you know, I've
literally been out in the sun for like 5
years without any sunscreen, like all
day. Uh, like I said, I' I've gone
through intense periods of like no sleep
and like going real hard like in the gym
putting a lot of miles on the body. Um,
do I do lymph drainage? I don't. I don't
even know how to do that to be honest
with you.
You'll drive a pickup truck until your
midlife crisis. That's funny. Um,
all right. You just went all in. I went
out and did a little gardening. That's
what's up, Magga Cherry. That's what's
up.
You'd rather have a $10 to $20,00070s
F100. Yeah. F-150. Yeah, I feel you.
Only a kid would think I'm 40. They're
trolling.
Okay. So, I always go on the trampoline,
Joe Potter. Always with my kids. like
all the time we go on the [__]
So, is that good for your lymph your
lymph nose or whatever?
Use sunscreen.
I know I should probably use some beef
tallow on my nose and my face, but yeah,
I don't use sunscreen and I never get a
sunburn.
I'm immune to the sunburn.
What part of the chicken is the nugget?
I don't know. But let's see if this long
trade gets wrecked here. I'm sorry. If
this short trade gets wrecked here,
we're risking 1,900 bucks
on the short.
Let's see. 74250.
Yeah. Let's just make sure we have it
set right here.
One of these trades is going to win.
Okay. Lymph drainage. How do you do
that? Um, hourglass crypto because it
sounds like something I'd be into.
If you have a good diet, you're less
likely to get sunburn. Yeah, I hear
that, right? I don't eat any kind of uh
processed fats.
All right. So, I'm not eating
polyunsaturated seed oils,
but
What's my advice to new traders? Here's
my advice to new traders.
Check out the free trading course,
totally free on the Jason Casper YouTube
channel. All right. Check out the free
course. It's over here.
Let me pop it on to the chart.
This this this trade might be lost.
That's all good in the hood. All right.
We've made so much money in the last few
weeks trading that
it's all good. Yeah. So, we got a free
course over here on playlists. All
right. Go to my YouTube channel. I have
a free trading course. All right. Check
it out. 18 sessions. 18 sessions of how
to trade from start to finish. Take this
information, internalize this
information, apply this information
to a small account.
And do that until you are consistently
profitable for like 6 months. And then
maybe use a little bit more money.
>> And when I say consistently profitable,
I mean over the course of 6 months,
you've made money, right?
Doesn't have to be green every month.
Doesn't have to be green every week, but
apply this information. All right. Also,
I do have another
>> how to become a consistent profit uh
playlist here called day trading full
guide. talk about
>> where a half naked man uh out in
tropical paradise is going to give you
uh
>> traders that don't
>> is going to give you advice. This was
going to be another course. It probably
will be. All right. If you want to see a
half naked man in tropical paradise
giving you the the the the juice on how
to trade, we got this free course, too.
All right.
So, support and resistance. Just the
basic stuff. All right. Just the basic
stuff, you know.
All right. Well, we are pumping, guys.
We are pumping. Like I said, if that
short gets stopped out,
I might close this long and take my
profits here. But it's been a good day
of trading. Honestly, it's been a really
good day of trading for me right now.
A half naked chick with my voice over
tubs would be preferred. You know what?
I have to do that with AI.
Uh,
I was the white singer, the the lead
singer of White Lion. All right. I have
to YouTube it. A skin craving tool. Oh.
Uh, like the fat the faucia thing that
you do with the
Yeah, I think I've done that before. I
think I've done that before.
What psychology do I use to hedge? Um,
look, the psychology for hedging, guys.
I have a check out the free course.
Check out the free course. All right. I
have I have a whole entire session on
>> today. I want to talk Hang on. I have a
whole entire session on
want to become a consistent profit
>> uh hedging and all that stuff. It's
called how to manage open trades.
I have psychology.
All right. How to master trading
psychology. And I have how to manage
open trades.
15 and 16. Part 15 and 16.
>> I'm done with this trade. Check it out.
>> I will I will talk about, you know,
hedging and all that stuff. My my
psychology, my mentality, why I trade
the way I trade. It's all for free on my
YouTube channel. Check it out. It's all
for free. All right.
Check it out.
>> What do I say to people who think I'm
not serious when teaching half naked and
wings, etc.? I don't care. I The reason
why I do it is because I know how
valuable the information is.
And also, I like I said, I hate status
symbols. I hate people that take
themselves too seriously.
And so if someone's going to come and
not listen because I'm wearing a wig and
I'm half naked, okay, that's fine. I'm
literally teaching you how to make money
from your house without a job, without
having a boss, without clients, without
hours, with a smartphone from anywhere
in the world. If you don't want to hear
the information and apply it, good,
fine. Peace.
I don't care. I don't care at all. I
have nothing to gain or lose from from
uh people taking me seriously or not.
You know what I'm saying? So
yeah, I don't care. I I I actually like
the fact that I present myself like a
total unprofessional idiot. Like
in my opinion, that makes it way more
fun. It makes it way more fun.
Makes it way more fun. Everyone taking
themselves so seriously out here, trying
to fake everything
with their fake professional attitude
and all this, taking everything so
seriously. like that's not how I roll.
So,
you know,
but let's see what happens here. We
might get uh
we might get the um this trade might get
stop. I don't know. I don't know. I
don't know. Let's check out the order
flow. All right. So, let's see if client
funding got back to me. They have not
yet, guys. So, we we'll probably have to
do the giveaway on Monday.
Let's check out order flow.
All right. So, we are forming a little
bit of bearish CBD here on a decrease of
Y. Nothing too crazy. I I honestly don't
know what's going to happen.
Uh I could see us dumping or I could see
us pumping, you know,
they'll join my VIP group or whatever.
All right. Yeah. Look, here's the thing.
I don't want people in my VIP group that
take life too seriously. I'll be honest.
All right. If you're that kind of
person, I I don't want your money in my
VIP group. Go to someone else's VIP
group. That's how I that I I really
don't care at all,
you know? So,
yeah, if I'm missing out on on on sales
and and income for the on the business
side, whatever,
whatever. I don't care. Here's the
thing. If you're that kind of person, I
definitely don't want you in the VIP
group anyway. All right? You'll probably
just be a pain in the butt. Let's be
honest. you'll probably be a pain in the
butt, the kind of person that complains
about everything.
So,
why do I charge if I don't care?
Well, I do care about the business
running. I mean, it is a business. I
have employees to pay. The business
itself has overhead costs that need to
be paid.
So, yeah, I definitely care about the
business continuing. I'm happy to have
the business, but uh I'm not out there
trying to make every penny I can from
it. You know, I think it's I think it's
pretty reasonably priced for the amount
of value in the community, for the
amount of for the amount of people
working in there 24/7. The amount of
support, the amount of TA, the amount of
traders, the amount of customer service
that we have in there, and the team we
have there, I think is topnotch for a
very cheap price.
So, I think it's an amazing deal. I
think it's an amazing value and yeah,
it's my business,
but I'm not out there trying to get
every single penny I can from people
just for the sake of it.
Am I about to hit 16,000 members in the
Discord? Let's see that. Now, this is
the free and the paid Discord combined.
I actually don't know how many paid
members I have. I haven't checked in a
very long time. Yes, I have 15,959
members in the Discord. That is crazy.
But
you're in the Discord for life. Are you
a lifetime member or are you just
committed?
Shout out to Adam Thomas.
Why do I use Bybit instead of Binance?
Uh the Bybit the Bybit signals are just
stronger.
All right. They're just more reliable.
They are more reliable.
That's why I use it.
All right, let's see what happens here.
We so far made a lower high. Let's see
what h I mean we could really fill this
fair value gap here. Like this short
could turn massive because this 1 hour
candle here 73175
we have this giant fair value gap. Let's
see how it rolls. Let's see how we roll
here.
How much money I started
when I was trading. I had a lot of money
when I started trading. You got you got
to understand when I started trading, I
had just come out of the 2017 2018 bull
run. I had put $45ish,000 into Bitcoin
when it was $600 and the thing went up
to 20K.
Um, so I had quite a lot of Bitcoin to
trade with when I began trading in 2018.
So,
let's get some.
Now, I was a bad trader when I started
trading. A really bad trader.
Rust on the Needle.
Vintage. What should we listen to? Rust
on the Needle. Midnight Hip Hop Session
from the golden era or vintage 90s boom
bap mixes for OGs.
Let's try this one.
>> Oh,
let's try this other one. Oh, wait.
Crap. Oh, I forgot. Oh,
I'm never going to get there. I'm never
going to get to try the other one again.
All right, this one it is then.
These are the ground rules.
Close your eyes.
Lean back a bit. Get cozy.
>> Too much. Too much words.
>> Let this mad world fade out. To
paraphrase Q-tip.
>> Too many words in there. All right.
Yeah, that worn out soul. Let it spin.
Yeah,
that
>> Yeah, your chat's visible, Samuel.
Man, this is not an instrumental.
>> This not an instrumental. We need
instrumentals, you know.
We need instrumentals.
Oh, this is too dark.
This is kind of dark, too.
Big shout out to our super chat
EDC. He says, "Why did I take profit?"
Okay, we already did that one. Shout out
to KRJ Swaggy. Do you ever look at wicks
like the bottom one here and use it as a
reference?
Uh that it will fill sometimes. Um this
wick down here, I look at it as a
liquidity grab. I look at it as a
liquidity grab, you know.
Why do I repeat myself a lot? Uh, I'll
be honest, Corey Mack, it's a technique
that I use uh when I don't know what to
say, but I want to keep talking. I'll be
totally honest with you. You know, I'll
be honest with you. I'll be totally
honest with you.
It is a technique I use to keep the
words coming out when really up here is
just a blank. Okay? It's just a blank.
All right? It's a blank. You know what I
mean?
It's a technique I use
to keep the words coming out even though
there's nothing there. You know, you
can't have dead air time here on the
YouTube. If you do, the viewership goes
down. People want to see the mouth
moving and the and the noise coming out,
right?
As soon as I do this,
we lose viewers. All right?
You know what I'm saying? You guys know
what I mean?
You need a staffer that creates beats.
Yeah, I should. Sequoa.
I should,
but I'm looking for something like some
kind of 90s hip-hop.
All right, we're coming to the VWAP
here.
Oh, we're coming to the VWAP.
Let's see what happens here. This is
this is a big make it or break it for
that trade.
Look at this. We're coming to the VWAP
here.
This would be a good place to tease some
P on the short trade E.
Let's see if we hit that VWAP and get a
Come down to 734.
734.
They really just gave it to us on a on a
on a silver platter today, guys. They
gave us the long. They gave us the
short. I mean, seriously, they gave us
the long. They gave us the short today.
But um
all right, guys. I got to head out. All
right. God bless you all in Jesus name.
I hope you have a wonderful weekend. I
pray you and your family are super
blessed. And I'll see you guys next
time. We'll do the giveaway on Monday.
Peace.